Code of Conduct

PY4CA (Python for Climate Applications) is a community tutorial workshop intended for training beginner to advanced Python programmers and pythonistas with an interest in climate science studies and applications, and also collaboration in the developer community.

We value the participation of each member of the Python community and want all attendees to have an enjoyable and fulfilling experience. Accordingly, all attendees are expected to show respect and courtesy to other attendees throughout the course and at all PY4CA events, whether officially sponsored by the Python Software Foundation (PSF) or not.

To make clear what is expected, all staff, attendees, speakers, exhibitors, organizers, and volunteers at any PY4CA event are required to conform to the following Code of Conduct. Organizers will enforce this code throughout the event.


OUR STANDARDS

PY4CA is dedicated to providing a positive experience for everyone, regardless of age, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, ethnicity, nationality, race, or religion (or lack thereof), education, or socio-economic status.

Examples of behavior that contributes to creating a positive environment include:

    Being kind to others
    Behaving professionally
    Using welcoming and inclusive language
    Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences
    Gracefully accepting constructive criticism
    Focusing on what is best for the community
    Showing empathy towards other community members
    
    

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

    Harassment of conference participants in any form
    Deliberate intimidation, stalking, or following
    Violent threats or language directed against another person
    Sexual language and imagery in any conference venue, including talks
    Insults or put downs
    Sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, ableist, or exclusionary jokes
    Excessive swearing
    Unwelcome sexual attention or advances
    Unwelcome physical contact
    Sustained disruption of talks or other events
    Other conduct that is inappropriate for a professional audience including people of many different backgrounds



Participants asked to stop any inappropriate behavior are expected to comply immediately.



If a participant engages in behavior that violates this code of conduct, the conference organizers may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or expulsion from the event with no refund.

Thank you for helping make this a welcoming, friendly event for all.


WEAPONS POLICY

No weapons are allowed at event venues, including but not limited to explosives (including fireworks), guns, and large knives such as those used for hunting or display, as well as any other item used for the purpose of causing injury or harm to others. Anyone seen in possession of one of these items will be asked to leave immediately, and will only be allowed to return without the weapon.

Attendees are further expected to comply with all state and local laws on this matter.


SCOPE

All PY4CA attendees are subject to the Code of Conduct. This includes PY4CA staff and volunteers, as well as attendees of any tutorial, workshop, summit, poster session, reception, conference, sprint, and sponsored or unofficial events.


CONTACT INFORMATION

If you believe that someone is violating the code of conduct during a PY4CA event, or have any other concerns, please contact a member of the event staff immediately.

    PyCon Incident Report Hotline
        Automated dialer of the individuals listed below
        +233 248524226 (Telephone or SMS)
        

In case of a conflict of interest, you can individually contact:

    Jeffrey N. A. Aryee
        PY4CA Lead and Director of Operations
        jeff.jay8845@gmail.com
        +233 248524226 / +233 205646015
        
    Patrick Davies
        PY4CA Co-organizer
        +233 553483857
        
    Robert Johnson
        PY4CA Facilitator
        +233 555041347
        
    Kwesi T. Quagraine
        PY4CA Facilitator
        +233 501598458

Event staff will be happy to assist any attendee to feel safe for the duration of the conference. We value your attendance.


LICENSE

This Code of Conduct was forked from the example policy from the Geek Feminism wiki, created by the Ada Initiative and other volunteers, which is under a Creative Commons Zero license.
